README.md, before:

# xybersolve.io

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.2.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

clean up bash deploy script

README.md, after:

# xybersolve.io

> Ported from AngularJS to Angular v6.   

## Deployment
This project has two deployment utilities, those being:
* circleci - CI/CD deployment to S3
* bash script - for development deployment to S3 bucket (an artifact from previous times)

#### Bash script deploy app to to S3 static website
###### Deploy Sytnax

```sh

 $ ./deploy --help

    Script: deploy
    Purpose: Manage content on S3
    Usage: deploy [options]

    Options:
      --help:  help and usage
      --version: show version info

      Actions:
        --sync=<directory>: Synchronize files between project and S3
        --upload-res*: Upload newest resume
        --upload-letter: Upload newest cover letter  
        --list: List all the content
        --size: show sizes
        --delete-all: Delete all content
        --remove: Remove site bucket
```

> `deploy` dependends on: 

* `AWS-CLI` 
* AWS profile named `deploy` with S3 access
* `s3api` and `s3cmd` for extended functionality
* Static S3 website
